04-ControlStatements/README.md, before:

# Control Statements in Python
If we want to change the flow of execution or we decide to execute specific statements from 
the set of statements we use "Control Statements"

**Control Statements available in Python**
- if statement
- if-else statement
- if-elif-else statement
- while loop
- for loop
- else suit
- break statement
- continue statement
- pass statement
- assert statement
- return statement

###### 1. If Statement
```
	Indentation is very important in python.
	The " if " statment id used to identifuy whether the condition is True or False.
	Every condition tested by if statement starts with colon(:)
	After every condition statement there are 4 spaces left in the next line.
	The statements with same indentation belong to same group is called *suite*	
	> 02-Number2Word
	> 03-Suite_Statements
```

###### 2. If-else Statement
```
	The if-else statement executes set of statements depending on the boolean state(True/False).
	Again, every condition statement there are 4 spaces left in the next line.
	>04-Even_Odd
	>05-Dhoni_QA
```


###### 3. If-elif-else Statement

###### 4. While Loop

###### 5. For Loop

###### 6. Else Suit

###### 7. Break Statement

###### 8. Continue Statement

###### 9. Pass Statement

###### 10. Assert Statement

###### 11. Return Statement

Commit message:

Update in if-elif-else statement

04-ControlStatements/README.md, after:

# Control Statements in Python
If we want to change the flow of execution or we decide to execute specific statements from 
the set of statements we use "Control Statements"

**Control Statements available in Python**
- if statement
- if-else statement
- if-elif-else statement
- while loop
- for loop
- else suit
- break statement
- continue statement
- pass statement
- assert statement
- return statement

###### 1. If Statement
```
	Indentation is very important in python.
	The " if " statment id used to identifuy whether the condition is True or False.
	Every condition tested by if statement starts with colon(:)
	After every condition statement there are 4 spaces left in the next line.
	The statements with same indentation belong to same group is called *suite*	
	> 02-Number2Word
	> 03-Suite_Statements
```

###### 2. If-else Statement
```
	The if-else statement executes set of statements depending on the boolean state(True/False).
	Again, every condition statement there are 4 spaces left in the next line.
	>04-Even_Odd
	>05-Dhoni_QA
```


###### 3. If-elif-else Statement
```
	If there is a need to test multiple conditions and executes statements based on same conditions.
	we use If-elif-else statements. 
	>06-Indian_Cricket_JerseyNo
```

###### 4. While Loop
```
	

###### 5. For Loop

###### 6. Else Suit

###### 7. Break Statement

###### 8. Continue Statement

###### 9. Pass Statement

###### 10. Assert Statement

###### 11. Return Statement
